The following glitches have been fixed in the MMBN4.5 translation as well as the
Japanese Update Patch.



Fixed an issue where time-sensitive NPCs checked the world update time rather
than the current time when determining when to spawn. Since world updates
normally only occur at 6 AM and 6 PM, if you jacked into the Net in the morning
then waited until the afternoon, for example, certain Navis would still say
"Good morning".

Added a feature where certain time-sensitive NPCs now jack out when their time
is up, and the next NPC for the new time slot will jack in instead.

Fixed Everyday Tournament spectators jacking out when you advance the time to
the next Everyday Tournament time slot.

The BBS in Undernet 4 now has "Under BBS" as the label. This label existed in
EXE4.5 already, but was unused.

The maximum year you can enter is now 2099 (originally it was 2050).

Fixed a crash that occurs when you press A+B on the same frame in the E-Mail
screen.

Fixed a crash that can randomly occur during screen transitions when you have
any events listed in your schedule.

Fixed a number of chips causing freezes or lag in certain emulators.

Fixed a crash that occurs when you enter any area with a grown WoodMan tree in
it while the Real-Time Clock is not working.

Fixed a very minor graphical glitch that occurs for 1 frame at the top of the
screen while the text input window scrolls out of view when inputting text via
the Mr. Progs on your HomePage.

Fixed the Chip Trader not using blue or red color when you draw a MegaChip or
GigaChip.

In the Set Time screen, the day of the month now auto-adjusts when you change
the month or year. For example, setting the date to 31 March then changing the
month to April will change the day number to 30 rather than leaving it at 31
like in the originalgame.

Removed a "Navi appear" SFX that plays at the end of using the GutPunch chip, to
bring it in line with all other summon chips.

Fixed the game internally thinking the year is 2001 when you play on 1/1/2000
between 12 AM and 6 AM.

Fixed a glitch where the game would always only select 1 of the 2 possible
tournament finalist candidates. This made it impossible to fight, for instance,
ProtoMan in the Official Tournament as many Navis.

Fixed a glitch where win rates for NPC Navis in tournaments were not set
correctly. This would cause certain Navis to have inconsistent win rates against
one another, e.g. depending on which Navi was on the left and right. The new
rates should be more consistent with developer intent.

Fixed a glitch where you could clip out of bounds by picking up the purple
mystery data in Golf Course Comp 2 from the north side. The mystery data has
been moved slightly to avoid this.

Fixed a glitch where you could clip out of bounds by picking up the purple
mystery data in Internet 9 from the north side. The mystery data has been moved
slightly to avoid this.

Fixed playable Bass's Shooting Buster not having an animation. It now uses the
same Shooting Buster animation as his boss version, and uses his winding down
animation once it's done. The positions for the shot effects are also adjusted.

Fixed Bass XX using the wrong palette for his afterimages when he moves.

Added a special check for VideoMan's video tapes to the Navi's movement AI, this
prevents the design flaw where if you have distance not set to 5, they move
randomly until they step into the back column, at which point they stop moving
entirely.

Fixed a glitch where boss Bass's cloak would appear backwards after being
Counter Hit during the second hit of Dark Arm Blade.

Fixed a glitch where boss Bass's afterimages while moving would appear backwards
after being Counter Hit during the third hit of Dark Arm Blade.

Fixed a glitch where boss ShadowMan's AntiNavi trap did not deallocate objects
once it was done, causing certain summon chips to no longer work after he uses
it. In addition to this, ShadowMan now uses his proper warp-out animation while
using AntiNavi, rather than using the generic "purple blob" warp-out.

Fixed a glitch where if boss ShadowMan stole a player's Roll chip using his
AntiNavi trap, it would never target the player. Now, the stolen Roll chip
damages the player as it should.

Fixed boss ProtoMan's sword attacks coming out before his animation. Now, his
attacks use the same timings as MMBN5.

Fixed ProtoMan and DeltaRay's sword slashes coming out before ProtoMan's
animation. Now, the chips use the same timings as MMBN5. However, the overall
length of the attack is unchanged for compatibility reasons.

Fixed ProtoMan Omega having a red sword hilt despite the rest of his sprite
being orange. Now, his sword hilt is orange as well.

ElecMan's Dash Elec Sword attack now has a yellow sword slash effect to indicate
that it does Elec damage.

Fixed a glitch where the hitboxes of BurnMan's Heat Chaser flames were being
removed if a screen-dimming chip was used while the flames were out. Now, the
flames properly continue to be active until their sprite disappears.

Fixed a glitch where BurnMan's Heat Chaser hitboxes reference the wrong parent
object if you destroy the Heat Chaser with a Breaking attack as it's firing,
then spawn a new hitbox with a different attack.

Fixed a glitch where the game was not properly checking 6 o'clock time
boundaries for world updates due to using a 30-hour extended time system
internally.

Fixed a glitch where certain summon NaviChips would spawn without attached
sprites in certain battles with many enemies present. For instance, the Bass
chip would spawn him without his cloak.

Fixed a glitch where VideoMan's Stock Footage attack was not paused during
screen-dimming chips.

Fixed a glitch where SearchMan would sometimes receive missions for areas he
doesn't have access to yet. (Note that this can happen for ProtoMan/ShadowMan,
but for those Navis it's by design.)

Fixed a glitch where ProtoMan and ShadowMan could never receive mission #2 as
the first random mission.

Fixed WindMan's minigame Mr. Prog respawning when you switch to a Navi you
haven't used before.

Fixed WindMan's minigame Mr. Prog spawning checking the tournament progress of
your current Navi rather than WindMan's progress. This could cause a Mr. Prog to
be spawned that WindMan shouldn't have access to yet, and if he does its
minigame, he will permanently miss the HP Memory that the Mr. Prog would
normally give.

For imported Japanese save files, repeated WindMan minigame Mr. Progs will now
give any HP Memories that were missed before.

Fixed placeholder numbers showing for 1 frame during fade-in for Equipment, Mail
and Comm menus.

Removed a graphical error in the Equipment screen during fade-in where it would
show the L Button equipment name on the R Button for 1 frame.

Added a delay to world updates if a battle just ended; this prevents an issue
where the Navi you just fought has despawned, but they still talk via a text
box.

Remove unnecessary proximity spawn property from static NPCs, this stops some
roadblock Navis from being invisible if you saved next to them.

Fixed a corner block in Undernet 3 having the wrong wall type.

Made the HeelNavi in ElecStoveComp Everyday Tournament not level up after
beating the Silver Tournament, just like NormalNavi as he no longer matches his
mugshot after it.

Fixed GutsMan vs GutsMan freefight changing into an AquaMan fight.

Fixed the wrong area music being played when you cancel a Mission or Wrecking
Job as SearchMan or NapalmMan that takes place in an Undernet area.

Fixed the MB for Lightning2 and Lightning3 chips (taken from MMBN4).

Fixed folder editor ID sort not matching library order for BurnMan chips.

Fixed a number of behind-the-scenes glitches that did not affect gameplay at
all, but will reduce error logs in emulators.